DOC-2021: Added TINY-9460 to the release notes. (#2707)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Quickbar toolbars was shown for noneditable contents in a noneditable root.

Reviewer: What do you think about using non-editable. I see that docs seems to prefer using `contenteditable="false"` elements over non-editable elements but I kind of like the non-editable wording better since the `contenteditable="false"` might be an internal implementation detail. We have ways to make editor elements non-editable without the need for the integrator to specifically specifying the attribute internally while editing we still add the attribute but when they save the attribute is removed again. The second thing is that I think it's a bit harder to read.

```suggestion
=== Quickbar toolbars was shown for non-editable contents in a non-editable root.
```

or

```suggestion
=== Quickbar toolbars was shown for non-editable contents in a `contenteditable="false` root.
```

Author: @spocke I agree, but I at the same time I know we are trying to use `contenteditable="false"` over `noneditable` to be more uniform across docs.

@brian-forte What are your thoughts on the above?

> === Quickbar toolbars was shown for non-editable contents in a non-editable root.
> //#TINY-9460
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, when the document root is set to `contenteditable="false"` the quickbars toolbar would appear when you select `contenteditable="false"` content.
> 
> A fix was applied to the quickbars toolbar in {productname} 6.5 which will set itself to `hidden` if the current selection is in a `contenteditable="false"` element such as the root.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Quickbar toolbars was shown for elements with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set which were, in turn, in a root with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.
//#TINY-9460

Previously, when the document root had a `contenteditable="false"` attibute set, the Quickbar toolbar appeared when an element with its own `contenteditable="false"` attribute was selected.

A fix was applied to the Quickbar toolbar in {productname} 6.5. The toolbar now sets itself to `hidden` if the current selection is within an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.
```
Edits and the technically accurate but wordy phrase added throughout.
